In the 26 letters of ABC, there are not only names, but also the most important pronunciations.
I will write a sentence for each letter, and I will write a sentence for each of the main pronunciations.
The meaning of the letter is as follows, and it is extremely simple.
A is an apple that Arthur baked in his room.
B is a piece of paper.
C is a piece of paper.
D is a piece of paper.
E is a piece of paper.
F is a piece of paper.
G is a piece of paper.
H is a piece of paper.
I is a piece of paper.
J is a piece of paper.
K is a piece of paper.
L is a piece of paper.
M is a piece of paper.
N is a piece of paper.
O is a piece of paper.
P is a piece of paper.
Q is a piece of paper.
A is a piece of paper.
R is a piece of paper.
S is a piece of paper.
T is a piece of paper.
U is a piece of paper.
V is a piece of paper.
W is a piece of paper.
X is a piece of paper.
Y is a piece of paper.
Z is a piece of paper.
Y hits the target.
This spin and็it is a round highlighted circle.
Y hits this circle.
PHaNd z了 it to be yard, like an overcome.
A is an apple.
C cuts a piece of it. D deals it. E smells it in the evening.
F finds it. G gives it to George. H hides it. I ices it.
J jumps over it. K kicks it. L licks it. M marks it. N names it. O opens it on the table.
P pushes it. Q quarrels about it. R runs after it.
F sees it. T touches it. U puts it under the uniform.
V views it. W watches it. X fixes his eyes on it.
Y yearns to get it for my Mary. And Z buzzes around it like a lazy drone.